Machine Learning Process
	Data
		Build Datasets
			Machine Learning is math. In specific, performing Linear Algebra on Matrices. Our data values must be numeric.
		Encode Features
		Select Features
		Engineer Features
		Impute Features
		Find
		Collect
		Explore
		Clean Features
	Question
		Reinforcement Learning: What should I do now?
		Anomaly Detection: Is this anomalous?
		Classification: Is this A or B?
		Regression: How much, or how many of these?
		Clustering: How can these elements be grouped?
	Model
		Select Algorithm based on question and data available
	Cost Function
		The cost function will provide a measure of how far my algorithm and its parameters are from accurately representing my training data.
		Sometimes referred to as Cost or Loss function when the goal is to minimise it, or Objective function when the goal is to maximise it.
	Results and Benchmarking
	Optimization
		Having selected a cost function, we need a method to minimise the Cost function, or maximise the Objective function when the goal is to maximise it.
		The cost function will provide a measure of how far my algorithm and its parameters are from accurately representing my training data.
	Direction
		Machine Learning Research
		SaaS: Pre-built Machine Learning models
			...many others
			AWS
				Polly
				Rekognition
				Lex
			Google Cloud
				Language API
				Jobs API
				Vision API
				Speech API
				Video Intelligence API
				Translation API
		Data Science and Applied Machine Learning
			Tools: Jupiter/Datalab/Zeppelin
			Google Cloud
				ML Engine
			AWS
				Amazon Machine Learning
			...many others
	Tuning
		Different Algorithms have different Hyperparameters, which will affect the algorithms performance. There are multiple methods for Hyperparameter Tuning, such as Grid and Random search.
	Scaling
		How does my algorithm scale for both training and inference?
	Deployment and Operationalisation
		How can feature manipulation be done for training and inference in real-time?
		How to make sure that the algorithm is retrained periodically and deployed
	Infrastructure
		Is the infrastructure adapter to be the algorithm we are running? Should GPUs be confidered rather than CPUs?
		Can the infrastructure running the machine learning process scale?
		How is access to the ML algorithm provided? REST API? SDK?